hi there I'm Felicity bar with the
headlines on al jazeera opposition
fighters in libya say some of their
soldiers are receiving specialist
training from foreign forces how does
ira's laurens lee spoke to one man who
says he attended the training at a camp
in the country's east he gave us a
description of what he said was a secret
facility in eastern Libya which is being
run by American and perhaps most
intriguingly Egyptian Special Forces as
well and he said that they are here to
train the better Libyan fighters in
military techniques and all sorts of
weapons training as well meanwhile
opposition fighters and civilians have
reportedly been killed by NATO
airstrikes they happened on what has
become the front line near the oil-rich
town of brega opposition fighters say
the strikes followed the firing to the
air of anti-aircraft guns possibly by
rebels ten people have died an 83 have
been injured in protests in Afghanistan
the riots broke out in Kandahar as
thousands voiced their anger at the
burning of the Koran by a u.s. preacher
it comes as the UN vows to continue its
mission in Afghanistan despite the
killing of seven of its staff in
yesterday's riots clashes have
intensified in cote d'ivoire's biggest
city abidjan at least 800 people have
been killed in one town alone as troops
loyal to the internationally recognized
president Alassane Ouattara battle lot
lauren bagged those forces and Nigerian
officials have postponed parliamentary
elections for two days the vote was due
to take place on Saturday for the
country's electoral commission says
voting materials fail to reach all
polling stations in time for the ballot
reminder of course you can watch
al-jazeera online by heading to our
website al Jazeera net forward slash
English and clicking on the livestream
icon those were the latest headlines
here on al Jazeera I'm felicity bar
thanks for watching bye
you